# 📲 No Computer Instructions

{% hint style="warning" %}
This feature is still in beta and only available on Patreon. Instructions subject to change.
{% endhint %}

To use AltStore Classic without a computer, you will need to follow the below instructions.

### Sample Pairing File

{% file src="../.gitbook/assets/PairingFile.plist" %}

### Set Up Steps

1. Install [LocalDevVPN](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/localdevvpn/id6755608044) to your iOS device from the App Store
2. Generate your pairing file
   1. Download and install "idevice\_pair" to your computer by following the [installation instructions](https://github.com/jkcoxson/idevice_pair#installation-instructions) under Pairing Guide > Installation Instructions
   2. Plug in your iOS device to your computer
   3. Launch idevice\_pair on your computer
   4. Select your iOS device from the "Choose a device" dropdown
   5. Select "Pairing Type": RPPairing
   6. Click Generate
   7. Tap "Trust" on your iOS device if prompted
   8. Click the "Save to File" button to export the pairing file. **If the "Save to File" button does not appear:**
      1. Download the [Sample Pairing File](no-computer-instructions.md#sample-pairingfile-file) above to your computer
      2. Open the file in a text editor (e.g. TextEdit or NotePad)
      3. Copy the code contents in the grey box generated by idevice\_pair
      4. Replace the contents of PairingFile.plist with the contents you copied from idevice\_pair
   9. Send the pairing file to your iOS device (e.g. via AirDrop)
3. Add Pairing File
   1. Go to Settings tab in AltStore Classic
   2. Tap "Import Device Pairing File..." in the Remote Server section
   3. Choose the pairing file you downloaded to your iOS device
4. Add a Remote Server
   1. Find an anisette server URL. You may use any [omnisette](https://github.com/SideStore/omnisette-server) or [anisette-v3-server](https://github.com/Dadoum/anisette-v3-server) URL
   2. Go to Settings tab in AltStore Classic
   3. Tap "Server URL" in the Remote Server section
   4. Input your selected server URL
   5. Tap "Save"

### Instructions

1. Start VPN
   1. Launch LocalDevVPN on your iOS Device
   2. Tap "Connect"
2. Make sure you're connected to WiFi **(not cellular)**
3. **DONE!** You can now use AltStore to sideload and refresh your apps without connecting to AltServer.

{% hint style="info" %}
If you have issues, follow these instructions again. You don't need to follow the Set Up steps after the initial setup.
{% endhint %}

